APACHE REPORT
Apache is an open-source web server software. Simply put, Apache is an http web server that serves and 
delivers web content to visitors. It was originally created by Robert McCool and is written in the C language.
Apache works by accepting requests and passing it through a set of modules. These modules correspond to 
different types of functionality such as security. Apache is a combination of a multiprocess and multi-threaded 
model whereby each process has control over the number of threads.It is a cross-platform web server and works 
on operating systems such as Microsoft   Windows  and Linux. It is an industry standard because it is well 
known, reliable, and open-source/free. 


As mentioned, Apache is an open source and grants developers full right to copyright, patent, and redistribute
any of their work that uses apache. Under their license it states the following, “subject to the terms and 
conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, 
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly 
display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object 
form…” and “make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work.”


Redistribution is permitted in source and binary forms, with or without modification given the following these 
conditions:


1. You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License; and
2. You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files; and
3. You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, 
trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain 
to any part of the Derivative Works; and
4. If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You 
distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding 
those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: 
within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, 
if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and 
wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes 
only and do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You 
distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution 
notices cannot be construed as modifying the License.
