PHP REPORT
PHP which stands for PHP Hypertext Preprocessor and is widely-used. It is an open source general-purpose 
scripting language that is especially suited for web development and can be embedded into HTML. PHP was 
created by Rasmus Lerdorf as a set of Common Gateway Interface binaries written in C to create dynamic Web 
Applications. As a highly productive Server-Side Web development programming language, it is widely used 
in the industry to develop a Web application at a rapid pace.The PHP code allows you to go in and out of 
PHP mode by using enclosed special start and end  tags ( <?php and ?> ). PHP is executed on the server 
side as opposed to on the client. PHP processes the code before anything gets sent to the browser. It also 
allows you to easily process data and store in and retrieve it from the database. 


As mentioned, PHP is an open source and redistribution is permitted in source and binary forms, with or 
without modification given the following these conditions:


1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.


  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
     the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
     distribution.


  3. The name "PHP" must not be used to endorse or promote products
     derived from this software without prior written permission. For
     written permission, please contact group@php.net.


  4. Products derived from this software may not be called "PHP", nor
     may "PHP" appear in their name, without prior written permission
     from group@php.net.  You may indicate that your software works in
     conjunction with PHP by saying "Foo for PHP" instead of calling
     it "PHP Foo" or "phpfoo"


  5. The PHP Group may publish revised and/or new versions of the
     license from time to time. Each version will be given a
     distinguishing version number.
     Once covered code has been published under a particular version
     of the license, you may always continue to use it under the terms
     of that version. You may also choose to use such covered code
     under the terms of any subsequent version of the license
     published by the PHP Group. No one other than the PHP Group has
     the right to modify the terms applicable to covered code created
     under this License.


  6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
     acknowledgment:
     "This product includes PHP software, freely available from
     <http://www.php.net/software/>".
